Edge 0.20.0 - mbedTLS, libcURL, mbed-cloud-client 4.13.0, CUSTOM_PORT (#87)
PelionIoT/mbed-edge: CHANGELOG.md

## Release 0.20.0

* Izuma branding changes.
* Update Mbed TLS to version 2.28.1 from version 2.27.0. This closes [security vulnerability CVE-2021-44732](https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-7g56-f7p4-fmcq).
* Update curl to version 7.85.0 from version 7.76.0. This closes multiple security vulnerabilities, see [curl releases](https://curl.se/docs/releases.html).
* Functionality for Restore Factory Settings (RFS) via GPIO-hookups.
* New API for writing values in direct binary format without text conversions in-between.
* Remove embedded microprocessor targets from `pal-platform.json`.
* Update [`mbed-cloud-client`](https://github.com/pelioniot/mbed-cloud-client/tree/4.13.0) library to version 4.13.0.
* Add CMake flagging `CUSTOM_PORT`, which allows you to use port `443` as an alternative port with `5684`.

>    * If a socket error is encountered, next try will be done with original CoaP port `5684`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * If a socket error is encountered, the next try will be done with the original CoaP port `5684`.
```

>    * After 2nd fail we alternate back to custom port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * After 2nd failure, we alternate back to the custom port.
```
